Hey there kids. It's me, Mr. Creepy
Pasta. And before we get started on
tonight's story, I'm going to let you
know about the crowdfunding project of
Dread, Decay, and Doom. It's a book, an
anthology, a horror anthology that is
currently being crowdfunded in the link
in the description down below or the one
you see on your screen right now. If you
like tonight's story written by Vincent
Vanakava, and you want to see more
stories from amazing authors like this,
please consider supporting these books.
You can get a uh digital copy or you can
get physical copies through the link
down below. And this is a great way to
be able to support upcoming unpublished
authors and authors of amazing horror
fiction. So without further ado, on to
tonight's story.
Samantha was awakened by a kiss.
It hadn't come from a charming prince.
There had been no firm but gentle lips,
no musky sandalwood scent drifting
through the air. There had been no rough
masculine stubble tickling her cheek. No
dashing smile, no blue-eyed stare, no
true love's first embrace.
There hadn't even been a damn horse.
No, this kiss had come in with a
thundering crack. Its lips were made of
rocks and dirt. They sent shock waves
rippling through her skull, rake down
her face, and pushed pebbles inside of
her nose and mouth,
but she was awake,
and that meant
she was alive.
This was the first of three thoughts
that had burst into her mind the moment
after her head slammed against the
ground. The second was that she
regretted skipping lunch earlier that
day because it was well past midnight
and she hadn't even eaten anything since
the granola bars she had for breakfast.
That thought, however, was pushed rather
quickly to the side once the third one
bullied its way to the forefront of her
consciousness.
This third thought was, "The East
Mountain kill Billy just slaughtered my
friends and now he's dragging me into
the woods."
It wasn't quite that coherent. There
were a lot of [__] and shits and even a
couple [__] shits sprinkled in there,
but that was basically the gist of it.
Her body was cold, but a wound just
below her rib cage burned as if it was
on fire. The last thing she recalled was
looking into the killbilly's wild yellow
eyes as he ran the steel blade of his
machete through her torso.
She must have passed out from blood
loss. The fact that she was still
breathing meant the machete would have
had to have missed every major organ
inside her tiny 110lb frame. She
considered trying to kick herself free.
Then she remembered the person she'd be
kicking was a near 7 foot tall behemoth
of a man who was wearing a mask of human
flesh fashioned from the face of
somebody who was probably a lot tougher
than she was. Her mind raced as she was
reminded of the horror she'd witnessed
him perform at the cabin that night. His
strength was immense. It had taken him
no effort to completely overpower Devon
and Trevor and they played on the
college football team. Fighting back was
pointless. Bella had lunged heroically
at him with a marshmallow skewer, but
that hadn't worked out well for her. The
killbilly snapped her friend's wrist
like a twig, snatched the skewer from
her grip, then buried it deep inside her
eye socket without even breaking a
sweat. It still had the marshmallow on
it at the time. It was golden brown,
too.
Perfectly toasted.
Damn, she was hungry. Her best bet was
to play dead. Every second the killbilly
thought she was a corpse was another
second he wouldn't spend actually making
her one. He pulled her across the forest
floor for what felt like an eternity
before coming to a stop at the side of
the road. It was here that he dropped
her leg. The killbilly took a few long
strides away from her, then sat down on
his hunches and began to rummage through
a duffel bag that he was carrying with
him. She considered scrambling to her
feet now that his attention was
diverted, but something deep inside her
was holding her back.
She couldn't stand. She couldn't run.
Not because her legs didn't work, but
because she was terrified about what it
would mean if she did.
Running would alert the killbilly. And
the last thing she wanted was that
unhinged lunatic chasing after her
again.
She wished some hero could come along
and rescue her. A cop or a vigilante in
a bright spandex costume would do the
trick. even a cyclist who kept a gun in
his bright spandex bike shorts.
She was young. She was pretty. She was
white. She wasn't supposed to be dealing
with things like this on her own. It was
someone else's job to save the day. Yet,
deep in her gut,
she knew she was alone.
So, she waited and listened as the
killbilly packed his duffel bag. She
wondered what was in there, but didn't
dare open her eyes for fear that he
would catch a glimpse of her watching
him. Once he finished, she heard the
jangle of keys, then a click.
It was followed by a soft ding, and
that's when the trunk of his car opened.
She wasn't expecting him to drive, let
alone own an automobile.
If the campfire stories were to be
believed, the East Mountain killbilly
was an undead maniac who rose from the
grave every 13 years to butcher whatever
unlucky co-eds happened across his path.
She didn't understand how a Toyota Camry
fit into that equation. The giant
hoisted her off the ground. She let
herself go slack, doing her best corpse
impression, but the dead weight made
little difference to him.
He dumped her in the trunk with all the
care one might afford to a deflated
tire, then loomed over her. Though her
eyes were shut, she could feel his stare
violating her. She was running out of
time. Once that lid closed, she'd be
locked inside, but she would need to
face the monster who had massacred her
friends if she wanted to get away. The
very idea made her limbs feel like they
were made of stone. The trunk slammed
shut.
Darkness swaddled her.
So too did a terrible sense of shame.
She'd been too afraid to save herself,
and now she couldn't. The only silver
lining was that here in the trunk,
she was finally free of the killbilly's
eyes.
But this perk was only temporary.
Sooner or later, his stare would return.
and once it did heard nightmare
would begin all over again.
The car started and a few seconds later
it was rumbling down the road. She
decided to use her newfound privacy as
an opportunity to snoop around. The
inside of the truck was pitch black, but
she could gather clues with her hands.
Samantha patted around the small compact
space until her fingers brushed up
against something.
After some careful examination, she was
sure it was a duffel bag. Must have
loaded it in the trunk with her. There
were three small pockets along the side
of it, so she extended her investigation
to them first. With any luck, she'd find
something useful. The stabier the
better. But even a bag of trail mix
would be a godsend. The first pocket was
empty, but in the second, she found a
Zippo lighter. She flicked it on,
illuminating the trunk in a dim orange
glow. At least she could see again. And
now her eyes confirmed what she'd
suspected all along. It was just her and
the bag in the trunk.
If it didn't contain anything that could
help her, she was back to square one.
The third pocket was a disappointment.
The only thing it yielded was a fast
food coupon, which considering her
grumbling stomach, felt like a slap in
the face.
That left the main compartment. She
hoped she'd saved the best for last. It
had the most space, so it made sense
that's where she'd find the killbilly
spare murder weapon.
A machete of her own wouldn't exactly
even the playing field with someone his
size, but at least it wouldn't make her
feel so helpless. Samantha unzipped the
bag and pulled open the flap.
She gaped into it,
eyes wide, mind in disbelief. As the
horrible sight began to come into focus
for her, a scream nearly burst from her
mouth. She managed to swallow it back
down
and felt her head start to spin.
She was staring at a simmering stew of
body parts, hands, and ears and toes
that the killbilly had collected from
her friends and kept as souvenirs.
There were pieces of everyone who had
been with her in the bag. And sitting on
top of it all, gazing back at her
through two empty black voids, was the
same human face the killbilly had been
wearing as a mask. Samantha pushed the
bag aside.
So, this was what her future would hold.
As soon as the car got where it was
going, she'd no doubt be diced up and
added to the psychopath's collection.
She started to cry. If only she'd run
away earlier while the killbilly was
distracted. If only she hadn't been such
a [__] Her eyes darted around the
inside of the trunk.
She could have sworn she heard a voice.
You're kind of a [__] you know that.
Who said that? Samantha hissed. She kept
her voice to a whisper, but there was a
shrillness in it that she couldn't hold
back. the bag, dummy.
There was no way that she could have
heard that correctly. She was all alone
in this trunk. She She was sure of it.
Carefully, she crawled forward and
peered back into the bag. Nothing had
changed since her last glance. Every
hacked up limb was still where it was
before. The face still sat in its
original position, spled out like a pale
jellyfish. They washed up at top a pile
of human garbage.
Hey Samantha," it said. "Fancy meeting
you here." Panic swept over her. Her
breath quickened. Her heart drumed so
hard against her chest she thought it
might break her sternum. The face's
features remain static. Its lips didn't
move. And yet, she knew it was the
source of the voice.
Even stranger, she thought she
recognized it. She leaned closer into
the bag and studied the face for the
first time that night.
then gasped.
She knew who it belonged to.
"Berry," she squeaked. "Good to see you
still recognize me," said the face. "I
know I'm not looking my best."
"And all the chaos, she'd completely
forgotten about Trevor's roommate. Barry
had come up to the cabin with him this
weekend. Samantha hadn't spoken much to
him because he'd seemed like kind of a
dick. But at least he brought weed and
booze." Barry wandered off earlier that
evening when the group was sitting
around the campfire, and she hadn't
heard of him since. "A couple hours
after that was when the killbelly began
his rampage."
"I think I'm going crazy," Samantha
mumbled. "I think you're right," replied
Barry's face. The car took a sharp turn
and she was thrown suddenly to her side.
For a second, she had forgotten about
where she was. She remembered now, and
there was an odd comfort in knowing that
she was trapped in a psychopath's trunk.
It grounded her in a way, being held
hostage by a serial killer that was
real, having a conversation with a dead
guy's face was not.
Then Barry's voice resumed,
and her world flipped upside down again.
"Since we have some time to kill, I
figured you and me could have a little
chat." "This isn't happening," uttered
Samantha. She hugged herself and started
rocking. "Hey, knock off the am I going
crazy stuff. The answer is yes. You've
lost your goddamn mind. Now, can we move
past it? Samantha wiped some snot from
her nose. I'm sorry, she sniffled. She
tried to project more confidence, but
her voice cracked when she asked the
next question. What happened to you?
I walked in the woods to smoke a joint
when Devon started playing Wonder Wall
and his guitar. I'm sorry. I know he's
your boy and uh was your boyfriend, but
he's got a voice like a feral cat in
heat. Memories of Devon flooded her
mind. She couldn't believe she'd never
see him again.
"Well, he's dead now," she said. "Okay,
I don't know if you're coming on to me,"
said Barry's face. "But if you are, I
think I saw my dick in the bag earlier,
check under Bella's foot." "Excuse me?"
"Don't worry about it. Anyway, I ran
into the killbilly when I was token up,
and guess you didn't hear my screams
over Devon's crappy singing." After I
died, the freak made a mask out of my
face. Weird, right?
Weird was the appropriate word. Being
nearly murdered by a psychopath who
collects human body parts was weird.
Talking to the severed face of her
friend's dead roommate was cuckoo
bananas.
Samantha took a deep breath then leaned
over the bag. "Why did you call me a
[__] earlier?" she asked. Barry's mouth
did not turn up into a smile, but a
giggle trickled from his lips
nonetheless.
I mean, you could have gotten away. Kale
Belly thought you were dead, but you
just laid there. I I was scared. And
you're still scared, but now you're in a
serial killer's trunk. How'd that work
out for you?
Once again, she was ashamed. It was bad
enough when she was the only person who
knew she was a coward, but being called
out by this [__] added a new level to
her self-loathing.
The car slowed to a stop. That meant the
joy ride was coming to an end.
She wasn't ready to see the killbelly
again. Samantha began to hyperventilate.
Relax, said Barry's face. You hear that?
There was a new voice. This one was tiny
and muffled. It echoed from outside the
car. Welcome to Poppies. Would you like
to add a peanut butter poppy pie to your
order for a dollar?
Was someone else there? She wasn't sure
what was real and what wasn't anymore.
Almost on cue, Barry's face answered the
question. You're not hallucinating that
one, Samantha. I think we're at a fast
food drive-thru.
Uh, no thank you. I'm trying to watch my
weight. Laughed another voice. This one
was more clear. She could tell it was
coming from inside the car. I'll have a
double daddy beefy patty with cheese.
Hold the pickles.
It was him.
The killbilly. It had to be. The entire
time he'd been hunting her and her
friends. She'd only heard him let out a
few inhuman moans. For all she knew, the
guy had a vocabulary of a treetop. But
now he was ordering a cheeseburger in
perfect English. His voice was deep, but
he spoke with a casual smoothness.
So that's one double daddy beefy patty,
no pickles, asked the person over the
intercom. With cheese, added the
killbilly. There was a sigh, a brief
pause, and then, "All right, pull up to
the next window."
She could smell the food now. Its savory
scent penetrated the trunk and twisted
her gut into knots. "She could almost
taste its greasy goodness."
"Damn, that smells delicious," said
Barry's face. "I might still be a little
high cuz I think I have the munchies."
"You are not helping," Samantha said. If
you're hungry, there's plenty of protein
in the bag here with me. I'm not a
cannibal. Give it time. Barry's face
laughed. Why are you bothering me? asked
Samantha. Believe it or not, I want to
help you.
Samantha contemplated this. She'd been
wishing someone would come help her.
She'd just hope that it would be someone
with arms and legs.
Maybe a torso. You're just a face, she
said. What can you do?
Okay, I'm going to blame that
insensitive comment on the trauma you've
sustained this evening, huffed Barry's
face. The truth is I can't do much
physically, but maybe I can convince you
to do something like fight.
Samantha scoffed. Fight? Do you see what
happened to everyone else that tried
that?
The car drove up to the window, but she
could hear the killbilly talking again.
Oh, I have a coupon in my trunk, he
said. You have to pull into a parking
space, replied the cashier. We can't
permit you to exit your vehicle in the
drive-thru. Really? Whed the killbilly.
That's a silly rule. I'm the only one
here. I'll be real quick. Sir, it's a
safety precaution, snapped the cashier.
There was a tone in the woman's voice
that she wasn't taking anyone's [__]
tonight. I'm going to have to ask you to
please pull into a parking spot if you
would like to exit your vehicle.
The two sat in silence for a moment, and
Samantha could feel the tension in the
air. The next thing she was expecting to
hear was the cashier begging for her
life, but to her surprise,
it was the killbilly's voice that broke
through the quiet. "I'll be right back,"
he said. The car pulled out of the
drive-thru and began to circle the
parking lot. "Okay," said Barry's face.
"This looks like your chance." "My
chance at what?" asked Samantha. Having
my tits chopped off and tossed in that
duffel bag. Larry's face ignored her
quip. Kill Billy still thinks you're
dead and he's about to open the trunk.
When he does that, punch him in his big
ugly face. Start running. You won't know
what hit him. Punch him? What? What
would that do? said Samantha. He makes
Andre the Giant look like Danny DeVito.
She closed her eyes when the car
stopped. It went back to playing a
corpse. The killbilly was mumbling to
himself, "Don't kill him. Don't kill
them. They're only doing their job. She
heard the door open, followed by his
heavy plotting footsteps as he made his
way towards the back of the car. "Here
he comes," said Barry's face. "You know
what to do." The trunk opened. Her eyes
stayed shut, but she knew the kill was
standing over her. He placed something
beside her body. Discreetly, she reached
out with her fingers to feel what it
was. Didn't take long before she
realized she was in arms reach of the
machete.
The killbilly was too busy fishing
through his bag to notice.
"Pocket, did I put that coupon in?" he
grumbled. "Now would be her chance. All
she had to do was grab the thing and
swing it at the killbelly while his
attention was elsewhere. I mean, even if
she didn't put him down, the surprise
would be enough to get enough space
between them to slip away.
But what if she missed? What if he
grabbed it from her just like when Bella
came at him with a marshmallow skewer?
What if her stupid ass dropped the
thing? The element of surprise was all
she had going for and she screwed up.
You'll be gone for good. Aha! cried the
killbilly. He retrieved the coupon and
was holding it over his head
triumphantly. After dancing a quick
celebratory jig, he stuffed it in his
pockets, then leaned over her and
snatched the machete from the trunk. The
lid shut, Samantha flicked the lighter
back on and washed away the shadows.
"What the hell?" cried Barry's face. The
machete was right there. Why didn't you
do something? I was afraid, she sobbed.
And you wondered why I called you a
[__] earlier.
The car made its way back to the window
again, and the killbilly presented the
cashier with his coupon. This is
expired, sir, said the woman at the cash
register. What? Gasped the killbilly.
Let me see that. Oh, for crying out
loud. The 13th was like an hour ago.
Can't you give me the discount anyway?
The cashier was clearly over this whole
exchange. The system won't let me put in
an expired coupon. Killbelly replied
with a frustrated grunt, then handed
over his money. A few seconds passed and
the woman returned to the window with
his food. "Excuse me," said the
killbilly. "This order isn't correct. I
asked for a double daddy beefy patty
with cheese. There's no cheese on this."
Samantha could practically hear the
cashier roll her eyes before responding.
Please pull into the parking spot while
we correct your order. We'll bring it
out to your car. Can't you just bring it
to me here? asked the killbilly. It's
1:00 in the morning. There's no one else
in the drive-thru.
A horn blared. Samantha's ears started
ringing. It had come from a car that had
crept up behind them. Its front bumper
was just inches away from the trunk.
"Hey, move it, asshole!" shouted the
driver. "Get your thumb out of your ass.
Pull forward."
Sir, said the cashier to the killbilly.
She was now speaking with the same
sternness a mother might use when
scolding a child. I'm not going to tell
you again. Please pull into a parking
space. We'll bring you out your order.
The car started up and circled the lot
again, then parked in a spot. Don't kill
him. Don't kill him. The killbelly
muttered to himself. It's a late shift.
They're probably under staff. Don't kill
them. For a homicidal maniac, this guy
has a surprising amount of restraint.
said Barry's face. I don't think he'll
show me the same courtesy, replied
Samantha. That's why you got to get off
your ass and do something.
She didn't respond. Do something? That
was easy for him to say. He was already
dead. There was a knock on the window
and the kill belly let out a surprised
yelp.
That was fast, he said. Oh, hey, uh, can
I help you?
Hey, you got any money? said a homeless
man who had approached the car.
No, sorry, said the killbilly. I don't
carry cash. I say this is a nice whip,
the homeless man purred. She's got a
sexy body. Lionus, get the hell out of
here. It was the cashier again. Her
voice grew as she rushed across the
parking lot. I swear I wasn't trying to
[__] the car this time, the homeless man
cried. Samantha heard the patter of his
feet as he ran off. When the cashier
reached the car, she handed the kill
Billy's order through the window. Yell
out now," said Barry's face. Scream
bloody murder before that employee walks
away. She couldn't scream. All she could
do was think of what would happen if the
killb herder. Nightmare scenarios played
through her head like a movie on an old
projector. Images of him peeling out of
the lot, dragging her from the car,
hacking her to bits, poured through her
consciousness. "Excuse me," said the
killbilly. "The order is wrong again."
The employee sighed. You said double
daddy beefy patty with cheese. That's
what you got. The killbilly was
irritated now. I said double daddy beefy
patty with cheese. Hold the pickles. You
really drew out the last part to
emphasize it. This has pickles on it.
Check the receipt. Can't you just take
them off? asked the cashier. No, I can't
just take them off, groan the Killbelly.
I hate pickles. Their flavor dominates
the burger. Even if I remove them now,
their juice has already seeped into the
bun, and it'll it'll be all I can taste.
Please, can you just make me what I
ordered? He handed her back the bag.
Samantha sure didn't mind pickles. Hell,
what she wouldn't do to savor just one
sliced sweet pickle on her tongue right
now. Her stomach growled so loud she was
surprised the killbilly couldn't hear
her from the driver's seat.
Considering cannibalism yet? Aspberry's
face. I'm not eating my friends, she
hissed. So, you do stand for something,
said Barry's face. What are you trying
to get at? I'm saying maybe you're not
as big of a pushover as you think.
You'll stand up for your dead friends.
Why won't you stand up for yourself?
It's not that I don't want to. It It's
just that I'm scared. Scared of what?
Samantha wiped tears from her eyes. That
I I'll [__] up.
Seems to me you're more afraid of
failing than you are dying.
She tilted her head.
I get it, continued Barry's face. The
world's a dark, scary place, just like
this drunk. It's easy to sit back, wish
that someone else would come along and
solve your problems for you. But that
isn't always the case. Sometimes you
need to fight for yourself, cuz no one
else will. And who cares if you [__] up?
Still better than not trying at all.
She thought about what he said. It made
more sense than anything else that had
been going through her head that night.
Something sparked inside her, a small
flame no bigger than the one coming out
of the top of her Zippo lighter. But the
more she considered Barry's words,
the bigger that fire grew.
The cashier had returned to the car.
"Sorry about that," she said as she
handed the killbilly his food. "Thank
you for choosing Poppy's. Have a
dippy-doo dad day."
She walked off. The killbilly mumbled
something incoherent to himself as he
unwrapped his burger. The car went
silent for a moment. Then Samantha heard
him shout, "ross."
The car door opened and out stomped the
kill Billy. I'm going to kill him. I'm
going to kill them all, he snarled. He's
coming back to the trunk, said Barry's
face. What are you going to do?
She didn't reply. But she knew the
answer. The fire was spreading rapidly.
Its flame consumed her, and now she
burned with a desire to face her
monster. She wasn't afraid of failure
anymore. As far as she was concerned,
the next time that trunk closed, she'd
either be alive and outside of it, or
dead for real. There would be no more
feeling sorry for herself. No more
hoping to be rescued. She was going to
fight. And if she went down, then hell,
at least she'd go down swinging.
Samantha closed her eyes and laid back
down just as the killbelly popped the
trunk. "Where's my mask?" he said to
himself. She opened one eye and snuck a
peek. "He was holding on to the machete
this time." "Of course he was. Handing
it to her would have been too easy."
"That didn't matter, though. Not
anymore." She took a quick breath to
steady herself, let out a primal scream,
then sprang up and swiped at the blade.
The killbilly squealled and tried to
twist away, but stumbled, and that was
all she needed. It gave her the chance
to yank the weapon from his grip. She
spun its handle in her hand, then lunged
forward with both arms, leading with the
blade. Her eyes must have been closed
when it struck him because when she
opened them again,
she was face to face with a killbilly
for the first time since the cabin.
The only difference was
now his eyes were full of fear.
It was strange seeing his real face.
I was sure he was still big, but now he
just looked like a guy.
She wondered why she had ever been so
frightened of him. The machete was
buried halfway into his throat. He
gasped and gurgled as blood seeped from
the corner of his mouth. With one hand,
he grabbed the blade, trying to prevent
it from digging any deeper into his
neck. With the other, he was still
holding the bag containing his order.
Samantha stood up to get more leverage.
She wasn't going to be denied. With all
the force she could muster, she shoved
the machete forward, pushing the blade
out the other side of the killbilly's
neck. Blood began to gush from his
throat, running down his chest. His
massive body toppled backwards and when
his head hit the pavement,
it rolled away from the rest of his
neck.
She stood over the man she just
decapitated, sweat dripping from her
brow, the cold air licking at her skin.
"I couldn't have done this without you,
Barry," she said. Barry's face laughed.
"Didn't we go over this before? I'm not
real. You're nuts. You did this all on
your own, Samantha.
A mix of emotions swirled inside her.
Sorrow,
anger, pride, rage, relief, and perhaps
most of all, an intense gnawing hunger.
She bent down and tore the bag from the
killbelly's fingers, then unwrapped the
burger. A double daddy beefy patty was
precisely what the doctor ordered.
Pickled or no pickles, she didn't care
as long as she could sample its heavenly
flavor. Its aroma was otherworldly.
Smelling it this close sent shivers
through her body. She couldn't stand it
anymore. She needed a bite. Samantha
opened her jaw and sunk her teeth into
the juicy burger. The sweet meat nearly
melted her mouth and made her taste buds
dance with euphoria. It was ecstasy. It
was bliss. It was as if the burger's
processed ingredients were having an
orgy inside her mouth.
Then she caught a different flavor.
Something that wasn't right. Something
she couldn't quite put her finger on.
It wasn't Poppy's secret sauce. No, it
was saltier and slimier than that.
She lifted the bun, gawkked stupidly at
the patty,
then felt the beef she had just
swallowed rise up in her throat. "Are
you kidding me?" she screamed.
The door chimed. "Welcome to Poppies,"
said the cashier at the register. "Would
you like to add a peanut butter poppy
pie to your order for a dot?" A head
thumped down on the counter. The cashier
gaped at it. She realized immediately it
belonged to the man whose food she just
brought out. "I think you got my order
wrong," Samantha said. "I asked for a
double daddy beefy patty with cheese, no
pickles."
She pulled Barry's face out of the
duffel bag, fastened it on top of her
own, then raised the machete over her
head. As she jumped across the counter,
she could hear his voice cry out again,
"And this time, hold the [__] Lugie.
[Music]
Hey there kids, it's me, Mr. Creepy
Pasta, and I just wanted to tell you
thank you so much for watching tonight's
video or for listening to tonight's
episode of the podcast. And as always, I
want to give a very big thank you to
everybody who supports me over at
Patreon. That's
patreon.com/mrcreppypasta.
I cannot thank you guys enough. You guys
have been there when I'm struggling like
I have over the past year, and it
sincerely helps me stay alive. So, thank
you guys so much for being supporters.
That goes for everybody who was down in
the description as well as asset system,
ball arms the rat, Blake Rattler,
Brandon Mendoza, Rena Crow, Brimstone,
Pandemonium, Caluna, Shane Smoker
Dealer, Chicago Hitman, Cory Kens,
Cronut 508, Crusader Choco, Curse Pox,
Primark, Dakota Best, Ben Pollson, Dante
Concade, Diana Krauss, Ellie Hotm,
Enchanted Buns, Estamine, Jenna Holly,
Hades Nephew, Kimbo Jerry, Hour Minute
Seconds Time, Jay Kees, Jennis Pet,
Jordan Humble, King Crab, Mr. Marcus
Blitz, Old Penguin, Peaceful Buddha,
Psychomel, Red Shadow Cat, Remember the
Sun, Rinku Star, Salty Surprise, Samine,
Secclude, Simba's Bloody Mojo, Sky
Harbor, Smiley Psychotic, Sully Man, Ty
Su, the Chavez brothers. Thank you so
much and honestly, thank you to
everybody, even those guys that are in
there for just $1. It really helps me
out. Once again, that's
patreon.com/mrcypasta
or if you guys like to just listen,
honestly, that helps me out a lot, too.
Thank you guys so much for being here.
Thank you for listening. Thank you for
watching. In sweet dreams.
[Music]